Welcome back.
I want to show you a nother easier way to put your page online on github.
That is fairly new.
All we need to do is click on a new repository.
We can create whatever we want.
Startup of the year we'll call it that for now.
We'll make sure it's public.
We can add a description if we want and we can initialize this repository with a me.
Now if I click Create repository
I now have an empty project and all we need to do here is click on upload files and we can just drag
and drop our files.
In my case I can just grab these three files we've been working on.
Drag them over here.
It's going to upload them and we'll just hit commit changes and check it out once that's done.
We have our page now in order for this to work.
We have to make sure that there's an index dot H2 Alpha and all we need to do is now go to Settings
scroll all the way down to get hub pages right here select the source as the master branch and don't
worry we're gonna go over GitHub and how it works.
Later on the course we have a dedicated section for it but I just want to make sure that we can put
things online so we can show off to your friends.
If I scroll back to get hub pages now you'll see that I have your site is ready to be published right
here.
So I can actually copy this link or click on it and look at that.
At this you are real my Web site is now online.
And as you can see it works just like we had.
But this time it's an actual Web site online.
So this link I can send to my friends and show off.
Now one thing I like to do here when I create a page on github is to copy this link go back to the project
and added to the description here as the Web site.
So that in the future
I can just click on here and I'm directed to my Web site.
All right.
That was a lot of work but congratulations you have your Web site online.
Go share with your friends with your family with your dog with your enemies and I'll see you in the
next video by.